hi guys some back with another review
and um I came across this product and I
don't know many of you maybe this might
not apply to you guys if you do not have
a tattoo or do not have interesting
tattoos and you might not just want to
watch this video because that's what
it's geared to sorry guys but I have to
kind of keep it open for everyone plus I
have two tattoos myself so this is of
interest I came across this lotion for
tattoos it's kind of like when you first
get your tattoo you're supposed to take
care of it and kind of moisturize it and
keep it wet and just so that it heals
properly and I used myself when I did
both my tattoos I used AMD lotion and
that worked wonders it really did it was
great but um I came across this other
little lotion here after care lotion and
you can look what I like about this is I
don't have a new tattoo so I can't tell
you how it works with a new tattoo and
how does it heal properly but I can tell
you how it works with old tattoos my
color was a bid colorized and the color
was kind of fading away and it just kind
of didn't um pop as much as it did when
I first got my tattoo probably just
because with time the color fades and I
don't kind of moisturize it like I
should but this works wonders um I kind
of tried this out on my not my tattoo
per se but on my girlfriend's tattoo and
it really does moisturize it to a point
where it doesn't restore the color
because that would be kind of impossible
I mean if the ink comes off it's not
going to restore its not going to paint
it back on but it moisturizes the area
so well that it brightens the color to
make it look as if the colors restored
so it does look a lot better and in
moisturizer skin at the same time so
this is perfect for existing tattoos and
definitely most important for new
tattoos as well I would definitely
recommend this is a great product and
it's dearly made it's made specifically
for tattoos so it's not like indie
lotion where you would just put on a
scrape or a cut
to kind of let it heal no this is made
specifically for tattoos and it's
enriched with grape seed oil so it's all
natural it's it moisturizes and helps
soothe and he'll new tattoos and like I
said it most moisturizes existing tattoo
is letting the color just kind of pop
right back up so this is um 1.7 flow
ounces and this is for all skin types
and it's called after ink tattoo monstre
moisturizer and aftercare lotion and
basically what you would do is you would
apply after in to clean hands and then
kind of massage over your tattoo until
the load onto the lotion is kind of
faded away invisible you would do this
probably repeat about two to three times
a day or as needed um I would if I just
got my tattoo I would basically probably
be doing it about two to three times a
day for an existing tattoo I would
probably just put it on once a day um
you know just maybe after you shower you
kind of just moisturize your tattoo or
whatever it is but this is definitely
something that you guys want to check
out and you can check it out at WWF
drink com I definitely recommend it if
you have tattoos or planning on getting
a tattoo um this is basically the
healing stuff that you want to get this
is just amazing it does not fade your
colors um I know that I used a and D
lotion on my tattoo especially this one
right here that I have um see it you
guys can't but you see that there's a
hole in the heart there's like a white
spot that's not supposed to be there I
can post a picture i'll be posting a
picture at the end to to kind of let you
guys see that there's like a whole and
that whole was because i put this andy
lotion on and he kind of got stuck to my
it kind of got stuck to my clothing and
then with so much Andy lotion you see
that the color starts to fade on your
hands so it gets messy you guys so I
definitely recommend this because this
was done specifically for tattoos check
it out after inc com and they also sent
me um it's the same little lotion in
this little pack so i'm going to be
sending one to my friend of man
she just got a tattoo and she can let me
know how she likes it so I'm going to be
sending this to her but these are little
samples of the product as well and i
definitely recommend that you go and
check them out after inc com that's a
little business card this is just a
great product for those of you who are
planning to get tattoos or are in the
middle of getting tattoos so definitely
check them out let me know what you
think if you guys have used this
definitely comment below let me know let
me know what you guys think about it do
you like it do you not I absolutely like
it I love it it moisturizes and really
um really works well with my tattoos
I've already used a couple of those
samples so let me know if you guys have
any questions just comment below thanks
for watching don't forget to rate
comment and subscribe and thank you
after ink for letting me try out your
products bye guys